With him this liar eating here
If you deceive the Lin family more than 13 words
Kneel down and die
Do you know how skilled the doctor is?
If it wasn't for Mr. distortion just now
Mr. Li is no longer there
Pardon me?
He saved my life.
Mr. Medical
Classmate, I will take the realm of immortals and take it down
Not even a god of medicine can compare
With my Yuelin
Only you can complete Mr. Lin's illness
I don't know if you are willing to take action
Let Xiaobai learn from the side
It's over, there's a doctor, you got the wrong person
Lu Xuan is a waste
They might have killed him earlier
Do you want to observe and learn or invite another smart person, let's go
And so forth.
Mr. Lu, I was wrong.
As long as you can save my grandfather
I can give you half of the country next door
The rest of my life
Willing to be your slave
Miss, no
They jumped off the building to lie to you.
You can't be fooled by them.
I wanted to go far
But my heart doesn't hurt now
Lie to you
I'll show you today.
Don't give me your promise or not
Go ahead.